







common attribute are  -   id,class,name,style
html                  -  only = symbol
css                   - :,=,and - for space


a    - href,target,download,ping(double request)
img  - src,alt(only show text),height,width, usemap(#multiple href by seperating single image),title(can be use with all tags)
global attributes   -  accesskey(shortcut for you page you can show the content with respective shortcut key)
                    -  dir = "rtl,ltr,auto"
                    - draggable = "true" default "false"

                    -  	


doubts:



















                                                       HTML & CSS
                                                       
 Tags  - wrap the content with tags, and telling the browser this is some special element                 
                                       
If attribute have multiple value it is seperated with space


By using display property in css we can change inline to block, block to inline
 Inline Element:
      It is vertical occupy only the content
      We can't specify Height,Width,Bottom,Top  in Inline-Element
      eg:  inside
         anchore,  use with email,phone
         small,
         strong,
         em,
         i,
         input,
         label
         
 Block-line Element:	
        It occupy the whole page(Horizontal)
        We specify Height,Width,Bottom,Top  in Inline-Element  
        
        eg:
           p,
           h...,
           form,
           table,
           list,
           div
           
 Container
        To group elements together
        
Text related Elements:

         Maintain the most important(h1) to least important(h6)     - don't skip the hirarchy
        h1 - for entire article (title)      main questions or title
        h2 - it is part of h1 so, sub question of main question or title
        h3 - it is part of h2 so, answer or sub division heading
        p  - use definition of title with paragraph tag and seperate the each point with paragraph tag
        strong - use strong for important word
        em - emphasis for italic a word       
        small - use this tags which is not belongs to paragraph
        q - quotation it is an inline tag it add ""
        blockquote - it seperate the content from paragraph quotation it is an blockline tag   - preffered           
     
 Seperator:
 
        Used to seperate the content 
        1. Linebreak - br used to divide inline tags
        2. Thematic break or horizontal break   - hr used to divide paragraph
                  
List :
   list are used to show the data in order
   1.ol     use along with a tag  for li
   2.ul     use along with a tag  for li
   try nested list
              
 Images:
     img  src = path of file alt = alternate message 
     use svg format - vector format instead of jpeg - raster format
     Because svg maintain the sharpness of image
     PNG is sligtly better than JPEG
     
     
     width, height  -  px,rem,%
     
     if you give width automatically heigth adjusted
     if you give heigth automatically width adjusted
     
 Form:
    
     It is used get input from the user
     
     
     Attributes:
         action -  It is path of the form who is going to receive or handle the form
         *input- autofocus  - when you refresh the page cursore automatically go to that input box, use for first input box in form          
         disabled
         placeholder - helper text.
         select - option select
         lable textarea
         
 Table:
     
     In early day tables are used to create layouts. But now we use flex-box and css grid.        
 VS CODE SHORT-CUTS
 
 Schematic Element:
 
     Explaining about itself by name of tag.
     More readable.
     Easy for browser
     
     header - nav
     footer - meta, about company
     nav    - 
     main   - only one tag in page
     aside  - content related to the main tag , side nav
     section , article - grouping the content
     
     1. ctrl + d
     2. label+input  = enter                                            
1. <a> tag - what is media attribute?
 
